At a time where humanity can no longer be sustained on Earth.
Another world,
a sanctuary,
is created to accommodate our needs.
All the major cities,
perfectly recreated on an artificial planet
called Icarus.
While some believe Icarus is the future,
others still keep hope in our first true home,
Earth.
*bleeping noises*
I couldn't sleep last night.
Something about it
just felt like that cold night on November 11th.
Do you remember?
November 11th.
The night you left for Earth.
I don't want to remember.
It should be morning on Icarus right now.
The things haven't changed.
You're probably at the park.
That's where you loved spending your mornings.
But things have changed,
haven't they?
This is what I wore that night.
This is what I was looked like,
when you last saw me,
3 years ago.
I wonder how you look now.
I heard the mirroring phase on Icarus is complete.
They say it's identical to Earth now.
At least, what Earth used to be.
down to every brick and stone.
I suppose people would have never agreed to the migration if it were otherwise.
Is it true, though?
They say that everything is in its place.
That everything is there.
Not everyone. Not me.
When you left Icarus, you left me with this.
A gift to say goodbye.
Something I was never good at doing.
You gave me the world, but all I wanted... was us.
I remember the launch like it was yesterday.
The lift of the shuttle. The countdown.
Yesterday feels like a world away.
I suppose it was.
All I could do was watch as you disappeared into the night
back to a world where us would never survive.
We agreed to give each other space.
Space.
There's over 380 thousand kilometers of
space between us now.
Maybe that's not enough.
I dunno.
All I know is I still look for you in the places we talked about.
Our favorite place.
We used to love coming here.
I wonder if it feels the same on Icarus.
You would just sit there and float on all your thoughts.
You would look for new coins in the fountain.
Counting the new wishes always made you smile.
I've made a few since then.
There are days I wish I'd stayed on Icarus
to start a new life on a new world with you.
But then, there are also days I believe this is what I was meant for.
To help bring Earth back to life again.
Those were your words.
To increase the chances of a better future for mankind.
It's like the wall of names here.
Everyday heroes that sacrificed themselves for the lives of others.
Elizabeth Boxall, aged 17 of Bethnal Green who died of injuries
received in trying to save a child from a runaway horse.
Thomas Simpson, died of exhaustion after saving many lives from the breaking ice at Highgate Ponds.
What will I be remembered for?
Funny, isn't it?
We can migrate billions of people off a dying planet,
but we can't save ourselves from heartache.
You let me go. It's time I do the same.
One step at a time.
I'm taking mine today.
More ships are launching today from Icarus.
That means more teams will join us to terraform Earth.
It will take time, but it will be worth it.
After all, it's home.
Home, if we're ever really able to go back,
I wonder what kind of person I'll be.
Until then, will I think on my past or look to my future?
I'm sure one day Earth will grow back to life.
But, I wonder,
can the same be said about us?
I don't know.
Tomorrow feels like a world away.
I suppose it is.